Update the intro page (#4876)
owncloud/docs: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

| Microsoft Office Online
| Microsoft Office Online can be integrated via the wopiserver extension; automatic file locking capabilities are available

| File Migration
| Cloud Importer
| With the integrated `Cloud Importer`, there is native support for importing files like from Google Cloud or Microsoft OneDrive and via public shares from Nextcloud or ownCloud and other WebDav based file sharing products. "If you can share it, you can import it".
|===

== What is ownCloud Server

ownCloud Server is an open source *LAMP-stack-based* server application that allows you to access your files from anywhere in a secure way. The files are stored on a server running ownCloud. You can access your files via the browser or sync them to your desktop or mobile device like you might know it from oneDrive, Dropbox or others. The difference with ownCloud is, that you stay in control of your data as you can install ownCloud in your own environment.

== Web Interfaces

> The web interfaces integrated in ownCoud Infinite Scale and owncloud Server give users native access to their ownCloud cloud data. With no needs for user sided installations, one can just access his data securely from all over the world with just a browser. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The web interfaces integrated in ownCoud Infinite Scale and owncloud Server give users native access to their ownCloud cloud data. With no needs for user-side installations, one can just access their data securely from all over the world with just a browser. 
```

The ownCloud Desktop app is fully compatible with Infinite Scale as well as the recent ownCloud Server. It provides many features like syncing data locally.

For Infinite Scale, the desktop sync app supports the Infinite Scale spaces concept for modern collaboration. Users can select which spaces they are interested in and synchronize these to their desktops. This is supported by a UI where spaces can be selected comfortably, which results in individual and efficient sync connections for each space.

The desktop app comes with many improvements like performance or Windows VFS or improved log file generation and a large number of other topics. 

=== ownCloud Android App

Starting with the new Android app version 4.0, users get full support for Infinite Scale spaces as well as the recent ownCloud Server. Users have comfortable access to the collaboration spaces in all their accounts on their mobile devices. The list of spaces available is dynamically retrieved from the Infinite Scale server and listed along with the cover image and description. 

The Android app is an example of how efficient data management works on the mobile platform with Infinite Scale.

=== ownCloud iOS App

> Starting with the new iOS app version 12, users get full support for Infinite Scale, including spaces,  as well as the recent ownCloud Server. Users can comfortably access the collaboration spaces in all their accounts on their mobile devices. The list of spaces available is dynamically retrieved from the Infinite Scale server and listed along with the cover image and description. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with the new iOS app version 12, users get full support for Infinite Scale, including spaces, as well as the recent ownCloud Server. Users can comfortably access the collaboration spaces in all their accounts on their mobile devices. The list of spaces available is dynamically retrieved from the Infinite Scale server and listed along with the cover image and description. 
```
